enh(rn): clarify the impact of autodiscovery 20.10.3 in the rn (#840)
centreon/centreon-documentation: en/releases/centreon-commercial-extensions.md

#### Bug fixes

- [Core] Creation forms generate 400 errors due to bad query

> - [Host Discovery] Avoid importing incompatible host discovery providers (limit provider definition version to 2.0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Host Discovery] Incompatible host discovery providers could be imported (limit provider definition version to 2.0)
```

> > Warning: if Plugin Packs of version >=5.0.0 (which include v3.0 providers) have been installed before this fix,  an error will be displayed in the host discovery job creation wizard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Warning: if Plugin Packs of version >=5.0.0 (which include v3.0 providers) have been installed before this fix, an error will be displayed in the host discovery job creation wizard.
```
